Erik Janssen joined Lunatech in September 2015. As of January 2016 he will be the third business manager next to Vijay Kiran and Erik Bakker. Furthermore he serves as project manager for the UPS account. He is motivated by an intrinsic desire to create beautiful solutions – at work as well as in his personal life. 

Sailing the seven seas 

‘After high school, I spent six months in Tanzania as a volunteer before I became a crew member on sailing vessels for seven years. Sailing with tourists on Dutch inshore waters as well as the Northern Atlantic gave me the opportunity to see a lot of beautiful places and animals and meet a lot of nice people. The most memorable moments where those hundreds of miles out at sea, working together as a team and coping with the, sometimes furious, elements. But after 7 years, it was time for a different challenge. In 2001 I started my study Work & Organisational Psychology at the University of Amsterdam because I was intrigued by the way people work together, espacially in harsh conditions. But my focus gradually moved to test development, statistics and programming. Ater my internship I stayed at that company and worked as a Product Manager and Project Manager while finishing my thesis. Have been programming in my spare time mostly the first years of my career, but a couple of years ago I decided that this is what I really like. And then I discovered functional programming, which for me has a certain beauty in it's pureness. True beauty lies in the core – of persons as well as programmes.’ 


At the forefront of technological innovation 

‘What I like best about Lunatech is that it is an innovative company that is eager to lead the way and has the courage to take the extra step to be at the forefront of technology. The people who work here are intrinsically interested in IT engineering, in the creative process of finding the best possible solution to meet the customer’s needs. They share so much valuable knowledge, simply because they love sharing it. Today, the business is growing, but I think it is important to preserve the dynamics and energy of this close-knit group of like-minded colleagues as it was when I applied.’


What do you do in your personal life? 

‘During the period when I was studying, our first two children were born. The third arrived a bit later. My wife is an midwife, so you can imagine that our lives were very busy back then. Now that the children are a bit older, we have more time to help our eldest daughter bake angel food, for instance, or to go cycling and bouldering, a type of rock climbing, which I really enjoy. I like to take up projects in the home as well. Just recently, I installed something that looks like a chemist’s cabinet in the dead space corner in the kitchen. Finding a solution and turning it into something beautiful – that is what motivates me, also at work.’